








































































































































































"I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of
(not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and
------------------------------
1. After one year from the ratification of this article the manufacture, sale,
1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the
1. In case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or
1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime
1. No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice,
1. The District constituting the seat of Government of the United States shall
1. The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States
1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other
1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or
1. The right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of age or
1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th
2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according to
2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce
2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
2. The transportation or importation into any State, Territory, or possession
2. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an
2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the
3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President, the
3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of
3. The article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an
3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an
3. Whenever the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate
4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the
4. The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law,
4. Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers
5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October following the
5. The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the
6. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an
a different day.
a majority of all the states shall be necessary to a choice. And if the House
a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives
A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall
a State, but in no event more than the least populous State; they shall be in
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the
abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or
abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.
according to the rules of the common law.
accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory
act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President
addition to those appointed by the States, but they shall be considered, for
affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the
Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be
against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If
All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives;
All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this
All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the
Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court,
Amendment 1
Amendment 10
Amendment 11
Amendment 12
Amendment 13
Amendment 14
Amendment 15
Amendment 16
Amendment 17
Amendment 18
Amendment 19
Amendment 2
Amendment 20
Amendment 21
Amendment 22
Amendment 23
Amendment 24
Amendment 25
Amendment 26
Amendment 27
Amendment 3
Amendment 4
Amendment 5
Amendment 6
Amendment 7
Amendment 8
Amendment 9
amendment to the Constitution by conventions in the several States, as provided
amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as
amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the
amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the
America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together
and all other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein
and Discoveries;
and duties of his office.
and Eighty seven and of the Independence of the United States of America the
and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and
and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by general
and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for
and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that he
and unusual punishments inflicted.
another State; between Citizens of different States; between Citizens of the
any Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten Days (Sundays
any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.
any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part of the Constitution.
any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other
any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to
any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the
Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature
appoint in such manner as the Congress may direct: A number of electors of
appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the District and perform such
appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers
appointed; and if no person have such majority, then from the persons having
Article 1.
Article 2.
Article 3.
Article 4.
Article 5.
Article 6.
Article 7.
article had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then
Article shall not apply to any person holding the office of President, when this
Article was proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may
as to the Place of Choosing Senators.
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the
Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except
Attest: William Jackson, Secretary
Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the
Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies.
authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and
be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States which
be discharged from such Service or Labour, But shall be delivered up on Claim
be holding the office of President, or acting as President, during the term
be on the first Monday in December, unless they shall by Law appoint a
be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according
Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following
begin.
Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.
Business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be
but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except
but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills.
by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State.
by the Congress.
cannot be convened) against domestic Violence.
Captures on Land and Water;
Cases of Impeachment.
Census or Enumeration herein before directed to be taken.
choice of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States,
chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise,
chosen.
claims shall be held illegal and void.
committed; but when not committed within any State, the Trial shall be at such
confirmation by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress.
Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty eight hours for that
Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One
Connecticut - William Samuel Johnson, Roger Sherman
consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by
Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or
Constitution, as under the Confederation.
Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States under this
Constitution, visit http://www.usconstitution.net/const.html ]
constitutional disability of the President.
constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible to
Continuance in Office.
Controversies between two or more States; between a State and Citizens of
convicted without the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members present.
corrected in this version.  For an uncorrected, annotated version of the
Counsel for his defence.
criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life,
day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d
day of January, of the years in which such terms would have ended if this
Dayton
death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President
declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who is to
defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to
Delaware - George Read, Gunning Bedford Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett,
denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure to
Departments.
determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for and
different Day.
disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member.
dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a
Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present the
during such time; and no Person holding any Office under the United States,
during the Life of the Person attainted.
during the Recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may
duties as provided by the twelfth article of amendment.
Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for
Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of
Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time
Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct,
effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and
election for President or Vice President, for electors for President or
Electors appointed; and if there be more than one who have such Majority, and
Emolument from the United States, or any of them.
enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove
escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein,
establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common
establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold
Establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same.
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate,
every Case, after the Choice of the President, the Person having the greatest
Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and
ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any
excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the Same shall be a Law,
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel
Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general
excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at any election for the
Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this
executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such
executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be
executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the people fill the
Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.
five, New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland
flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on demand of the
for a longer Term than two Years;
for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two-thirds of the
Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on
Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And
fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State,
Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records,
George Washington - President and deputy from Virginia
Georgia - William Few, Abraham Baldwin
gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder,
governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United
Grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses against the United States, except in
have an equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall
have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and
have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a
have intervened.
have one Vote.
have one vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications
have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of
He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the
He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make
holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of
House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a question of Adjournment)
Houses, or either of them, and in Case of Disagreement between them, with
Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first Election,
immediately choose by Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person have a
in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for
In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and
In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death,
in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it.
in like Manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment
In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty
in the absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the Office of
in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof
in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time
in which the two Houses shall be sitting.
including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in
including those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not
inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the
invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay.
is hereby repealed.
is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until he
its inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by
its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do
Jacob Broom
Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or
Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from
jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State
Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall
Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which the United States shall be a Party; to
jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States, than
Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of
Law.
law.
law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.
Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be
laws.
legislation.
legislation.
legislation.
legislation.
legislation.
Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for
liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to
liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be
made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and
made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to choose three,
majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person
Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said House shall in like
make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which
Manner choose the President. But in choosing the President, the Votes shall be
Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll
Massachusetts - Nathaniel Gorham, Rufus King
Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut
may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think
member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President
necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene both
neither a President elect nor a Vice President elect shall have qualified,
Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of
New Hampshire - John Langdon, Nicholas Gilman
New Jersey - William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan
New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new States
New York - Alexander Hamilton
No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed.
No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the
No law, varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and
No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations
No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at
No Person held to Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof,
No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of
No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime,
No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the
No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which he was elected,
No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the
No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters
No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep
No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties
No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State.
No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person
no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or
nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint
North Carolina - William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson
number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.
Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President. But if there
Oath or Affirmation:
Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after
Objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the
of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;
of Citizens in the several States.
of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but
of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not
of Representatives shall not choose a President whenever the right of choice
of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten
of the Congress.
of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law
of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of
of the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and
of the Party to whom such Service or Labour may be due.
of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition
of the same state with themselves; they shall name in their ballots the person
of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the
of the United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in
of the United States;
of their next Session.
of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense
Offenses against the Law of Nations;
Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or
Office, the same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by
Officer thereof.
older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any
on Imports or Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing
on such Importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each Person.
on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the
one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties in another.
or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the
or the exportation thereof from the United States and all territory subject to
or transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the importation thereof into,
or Vice President shall have qualified.
otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law: but the Congress
ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the
pay any poll tax or other tax.
Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of
Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer,
persons from whom the House of Representatives may choose a President whenever
persons or things to be seized.
persons, of whom one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant of the same State
Pierce Butler
Place or Places as the Congress may by Law have directed.
Place.
Ports of one State over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from,
powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge
prescribed by Congress;
President and Vice President equal to the whole number of Senators and
President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant
President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
President elect shall have died, the Vice President elect shall become
President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon
President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve,
President of the United States.
President or acting as President during the remainder of such term.
President shall nominate a Vice President who shall take office upon
President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President and of the number of
President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability be
President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors
President, the House of Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot,
President.
President. If a President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for
prevent its Return, in which Case it shall not be a Law.
previous condition of servitude.
principal Officer in each of the executive Departments, upon any subject
process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of
Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or
proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of
proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole
propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the
proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and
protect and defend the Constitution of the United States."
proved, and the Effect thereof.
provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of
Provided by USConstitution.net
provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the
provisions of this article.
public Ministers and Consuls; to all Cases of admiralty and maritime
public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime
publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require
purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty one days after
purpose shall consist of a member or members from two-thirds of the states, and
purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a
Purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of
Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the
qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as President until a President
ratification of this article.
receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session,
Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United
relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall have Power to
removed to the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime.
removed, or a President shall be elected.
Representative, or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United
Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States
Representatives in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it were
Representatives in Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or
Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State
Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes shall then be counted;
Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall
required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United
requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures.
Resident within the United States.
Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said
resignation, the Vice President shall become President.
Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he
right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
same overt Act, or on Confession in open Court.
same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and between a
Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question
Section 1
Section 1
Section 1
Section 1
Section 10
Section 2
Section 2
Section 2
Section 2
Section 3
Section 3
Section 3
Section 3
Section 4
Section 4
Section 4
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Section 9
Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration
Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second
Service of the United States; he may require the Opinion, in writing, of the
Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United
Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred
several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of
several States within seven years from the date of its submission to the States
several States within seven years from the date of its submission.
shall be a Member of either House during his Continuance in Office.
shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the
shall be discharged by the Vice President as Acting President.
shall be elected to the office of the President more than once. But this
shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any
shall be made, under their Authority; to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other
shall be presented to the President of the United States; and before the Same
shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason,
shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by which it
shall be the President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of
shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be
shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint
shall devolve upon them, before the fourth day of March next following, then
shall have at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be
shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously
shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased
shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other
shall have no Vote, unless they be equally divided.
shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein
shall have the sole Power of Impeachment.
shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting
shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it
shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be
shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all
shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall
shall then fill such Vacancies.
shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to
shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he
shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal.
shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President of the United
should remain two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from
six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five and Georgia three.
South Carolina - John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney,
Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the
Standard of Weights and Measures;
State be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or parts of States,
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of
State on account of age.
State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall
State, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall
State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects.
States, and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In
States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual
States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent
States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers,
States, shall be appointed an Elector.
states, the representation from each state having one vote; a quorum for this
States.
States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the
States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice
States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his
submission hereof to the States by the Congress.
such disability.
such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it
such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been
suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States
support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in
suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned. But neither the
taken by States, the Representation from each State having one Vote; a quorum
taken for public use, without just compensation.
taxed, three fifths of all other Persons.
that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his office
that of Vice-President of the United States.
that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the
the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United
The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting
the beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to
The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities
The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such Meeting shall
The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no
The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and
The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from
The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and
the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind
The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall
the Congress.
The Electors shall meet in their respective states, and vote by ballot for
The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed
the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide,
The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of
the Government for a redress of grievances.
the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as
The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second
The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and other Officers; and
the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is
The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any
The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court,
The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under
the jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes is hereby prohibited.
the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and
the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male
The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing
the Officers of the United States.
the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that
the people.
The person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the
The person having the greatest Number of votes for President, shall be the
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act as
The President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of
the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence
The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during
The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation,
The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States,
the President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken by
The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when
the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
the purposes of the election of President and Vice President, to be electors
The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the
the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End
the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers
the seat of the government of the United States, directed to the President of
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each
The Senate shall choose their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore,
The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for
the Senate;
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the
The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their
the State Legislature.
the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and
The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and
the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or
The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican
The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate, but
the Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case of the death or other
the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed
their Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for
their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the same; and for
their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State,
their Services a Compensation which shall not be diminished during their
them by Ballot the Vice-President.
them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person
Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the
thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the
they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the
third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third may be
This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the election or term of
this article by appropriate legislation.
This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in
this Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties made, or which
Thomas Fitzsimons, Jared Ingersoll, James Wilson, Gouvernour Morris
those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original
thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and
three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths
Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings
Title of Nobility.
to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any
To borrow money on the credit of the United States;
To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the
To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court;
To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning
To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and
to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject
To establish Post Offices and Post Roads;
To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District
To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces;
To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited
To provide and maintain a Navy;
To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union,
To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for
To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin
To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be
To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and
to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill.
to the States by the Congress.
to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or
transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United States, directed to
transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the
transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such powers and duties
Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against
Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall
Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact
Twelfth. In Witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed our Names.
twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who
two thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the
unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President
under such Penalties as each House may provide.
under such Regulations as the Congress shall make.
uniform throughout the United States;
Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as he shall judge
United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be
United States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred
United States of America.
United States, or in any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion,
United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a
United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.
United States.
United States; and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Control
unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising
unless the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of
vacancies by election as the legislature may direct.
vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of any State may empower the
Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be
Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of all persons voted for as
Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors
violation of the laws thereof, is hereby prohibited.
Virginia - John Blair, James Madison Jr.
voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as
votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to
Votes shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes
We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union,
Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be
whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and
whatever, from any King, Prince or foreign State.
when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen.
When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State, the Executive
When vacancies happen in the representation of any State in the Senate, the
whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them.
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United
which may be included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers,
which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons,
which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for which he
which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the
with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually
with the Indian Tribes;
with the Vice-President chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows:
with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for, and
within twenty one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by
within which this Article becomes operative from holding the office of
without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.
without regard to any census or enumeration.
without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of
Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall
Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the
Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not,
Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of
[Note: Repealed text is not noted in this version.  Spelling errors have been
