have intervened.
Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall
No law, varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and
Amendment 27

legislation.
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate

State on account of age.
older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any
1. The right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of age or
Amendment 26

and duties of his office.
the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers
powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge
two thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the
within twenty one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by
receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session,
purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty one days after
Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty eight hours for that
President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon
Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the
transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the
the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide,
unless the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of
that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his office
Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration
Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the

President.
shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting
unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President
the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is
provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of
of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law
4. Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers

shall be discharged by the Vice President as Acting President.
transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such powers and duties
is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until he
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that he
3. Whenever the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate

confirmation by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress.
President shall nominate a Vice President who shall take office upon
2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the

resignation, the Vice President shall become President.
1. In case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or
Amendment 25

legislation.
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate

pay any poll tax or other tax.
denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure to
Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be
election for President or Vice President, for electors for President or
1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other
Amendment 24

legislation.
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate

duties as provided by the twelfth article of amendment.
appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the District and perform such
the purposes of the election of President and Vice President, to be electors
addition to those appointed by the States, but they shall be considered, for
a State, but in no event more than the least populous State; they shall be in
Representatives in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it were
President and Vice President equal to the whole number of Senators and
appoint in such manner as the Congress may direct: A number of electors of
1. The District constituting the seat of Government of the United States shall
Amendment 23

by the Congress.
several States within seven years from the date of its submission to the States
amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the
2. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an

President or acting as President during the remainder of such term.
within which this Article becomes operative from holding the office of
be holding the office of President, or acting as President, during the term
Article was proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may
Article shall not apply to any person holding the office of President, when this
shall be elected to the office of the President more than once. But this
more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President
and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for
1. No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice,
Amendment 22

to the States by the Congress.
in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof
amendment to the Constitution by conventions in the several States, as provided
3. The article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an

violation of the laws thereof, is hereby prohibited.
of the United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in
2. The transportation or importation into any State, Territory, or possession

is hereby repealed.
1. The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States
Amendment 21

several States within seven years from the date of its submission.
amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the
6. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an

ratification of this article.
5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October following the

whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them.
death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President
the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the
persons from whom the House of Representatives may choose a President whenever
4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the

or Vice President shall have qualified.
act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President
declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who is to
neither a President elect nor a Vice President elect shall have qualified,
shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein
qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as President until a President
the beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to
President. If a President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for
President elect shall have died, the Vice President elect shall become
3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President, the

a different day.
shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint
2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting

begin.
article had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then
day of January, of the years in which such terms would have ended if this
day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d
1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th
Amendment 20

Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.

abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or
Amendment 19

submission hereof to the States by the Congress.
provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the
amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as
3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an

this article by appropriate legislation.
2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce

the jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes is hereby prohibited.
or the exportation thereof from the United States and all territory subject to
or transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the importation thereof into,
1. After one year from the ratification of this article the manufacture, sale,
Amendment 18

any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part of the Constitution.
This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the election or term of

vacancies by election as the legislature may direct.
executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the people fill the
vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of any State may empower the
executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such
When vacancies happen in the representation of any State in the Senate, the

requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures.
have one vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications
State, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each
Amendment 17

without regard to any census or enumeration.
whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and
The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from
Amendment 16

legislation.
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate

previous condition of servitude.
abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or
1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or
Amendment 15

provisions of this article.
5. The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the

claims shall be held illegal and void.
the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and
in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for
United States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned. But neither the
including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in
4. The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law,

such disability.
enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the
support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in
any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to
member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a
President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of

number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.
proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole
or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the
United States, or in any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion,
inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the
the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male
Representatives in Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or
choice of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States,
excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at any election for the
their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State,
2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according to

laws.
law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of
the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge
jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State
1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the
Amendment 14

legislation.
2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate

States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United
1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime
Amendment 13

that of Vice-President of the United States.
constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible to
majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person
purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a
on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the
appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers
Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors
The person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the

constitutional disability of the President.
the Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case of the death or other
shall devolve upon them, before the fourth day of March next following, then
of Representatives shall not choose a President whenever the right of choice
a majority of all the states shall be necessary to a choice. And if the House
purpose shall consist of a member or members from two-thirds of the states, and
states, the representation from each state having one vote; a quorum for this
the President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken by
President, the House of Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot,
the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as
appointed; and if no person have such majority, then from the persons having
President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors
The person having the greatest Number of votes for President, shall be the

Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes shall then be counted;
The President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of

the Senate;
the seat of the government of the United States, directed to the President of
votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to
President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President and of the number of
Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of all persons voted for as
voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as
of the same state with themselves; they shall name in their ballots the person
President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant
The Electors shall meet in their respective states, and vote by ballot for
Amendment 12

by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State.
suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States
The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any
Amendment 11

the people.
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
Amendment 10

to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed
Amendment 9

and unusual punishments inflicted.
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel
Amendment 8

according to the rules of the common law.
jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States, than
dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a
In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty
Amendment 7

Counsel for his defence.
process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of
accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the
shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously
public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and
Amendment 6

taken for public use, without just compensation.
liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be
criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life,
to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any
of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense
in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time
unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime,
Amendment 5

persons or things to be seized.
affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the
no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or
effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
Amendment 4

law.
consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by
No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the
Amendment 3

right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the
Amendment 2

the Government for a redress of grievances.
of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
Amendment 1


Attest: William Jackson, Secretary

Georgia - William Few, Abraham Baldwin

Pierce Butler
South Carolina - John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney,

North Carolina - William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson

Virginia - John Blair, James Madison Jr.

Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll

Jacob Broom
Delaware - George Read, Gunning Bedford Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett,

Thomas Fitzsimons, Jared Ingersoll, James Wilson, Gouvernour Morris
Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer,

Dayton
New Jersey - William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan

New York - Alexander Hamilton

Connecticut - William Samuel Johnson, Roger Sherman

Massachusetts - Nathaniel Gorham, Rufus King

New Hampshire - John Langdon, Nicholas Gilman

George Washington - President and deputy from Virginia

Twelfth. In Witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed our Names.
and Eighty seven and of the Independence of the United States of America the
Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred
Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present the

Establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same.
The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the

Article 7.

States.
required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United
Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be
the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or
several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the

Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.
Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or
Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the
Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the
This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in

Constitution, as under the Confederation.
Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States under this
All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this

Article 6.

without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.
fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State,
thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and
Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One
thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the
three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths
Purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of
proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and
Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for
propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the
The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall

Article 5.

cannot be convened) against domestic Violence.
Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature
Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on
The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican
Section 4

any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.
States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice
Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United
The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and

the Congress.
without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of
State be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or parts of States,
shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any
New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new States
Section 3

of the Party to whom such Service or Labour may be due.
be discharged from such Service or Labour, But shall be delivered up on Claim
escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein,
No Person held to Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof,

removed to the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime.
executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be
flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on demand of the
A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall

of Citizens in the several States.
The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities
Section 2

proved, and the Effect thereof.
Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be
and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by general
Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records,
Section 1

Article 4.

during the Life of the Person attainted.
Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except
The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no

same overt Act, or on Confession in open Court.
shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the
them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person
Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against
Section 3

Place or Places as the Congress may by Law have directed.
committed; but when not committed within any State, the Trial shall be at such
such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been
The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and

under such Regulations as the Congress shall make.
have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and
Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall
those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original
In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and

State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects.
same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and between a
another State; between Citizens of different States; between Citizens of the
Controversies between two or more States; between a State and Citizens of
Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which the United States shall be a Party; to
public Ministers and Consuls; to all Cases of admiralty and maritime
shall be made, under their Authority; to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other
this Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties made, or which
The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under
Section 2

Continuance in Office.
their Services a Compensation which shall not be diminished during their
their Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for
establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold
and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and
The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court,
Section 1

Article 3.

Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.
shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason,
The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States,
Section 4

the Officers of the United States.
shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all
shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he
Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he
Houses, or either of them, and in Case of Disagreement between them, with
necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene both
Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as he shall judge
He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the
Section 3

of their next Session.
the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End
The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during

Departments.
proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of
may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think
otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law: but the Congress
and all other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein
Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court,
nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint
Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall
He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make

Cases of Impeachment.
Grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses against the United States, except in
relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall have Power to
principal Officer in each of the executive Departments, upon any subject
Service of the United States; he may require the Opinion, in writing, of the
States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual
The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
Section 2

protect and defend the Constitution of the United States."
President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve,
"I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of

Oath or Affirmation:
Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following

Emolument from the United States, or any of them.
shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other
which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for which he
The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation,

removed, or a President shall be elected.
President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability be
the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act as
Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of
Office, the same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by
Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said
In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death,

Resident within the United States.
have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a
of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not
the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office
No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at

United States.
which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the
The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on

them by Ballot the Vice-President.
should remain two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from
Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President. But if there
every Case, after the Choice of the President, the Person having the greatest
States, and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In
for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two-thirds of the
taken by States, the Representation from each State having one Vote; a quorum
Manner choose the President. But in choosing the President, the Votes shall be
Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said House shall in like
immediately choose by Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person have a
have an equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall
Electors appointed; and if there be more than one who have such Majority, and
shall be the President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of
Votes shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes
of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the
the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence
transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United States, directed to
of the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and
with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for, and
persons, of whom one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant of the same State
The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two

States, shall be appointed an Elector.
Representative, or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United
to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or
a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives
Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct,

with the Vice-President chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows:
America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together
The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of
Section 1

Article 2.

invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay.
with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually
Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact
No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep

of the Congress.
United States; and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Control
any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the
its inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by
on Imports or Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing
No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties

Title of Nobility.
ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any
gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder,
of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but
No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters
Section 10

whatever, from any King, Prince or foreign State.
the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind
holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of
No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person

Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.
made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and
No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations

one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties in another.
Ports of one State over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from,
No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the

No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State.

Census or Enumeration herein before directed to be taken.
No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the

No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed.

in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it.
The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when

on such Importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each Person.
the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed
shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to
The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing
Section 9

Officer thereof.
Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or
Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this
To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into

Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And
of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of
States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent
the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United
(not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and
To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District

prescribed by Congress;
and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline
States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers,
governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United
To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for

suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;
To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union,

To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces;

To provide and maintain a Navy;

for a longer Term than two Years;
To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be

Captures on Land and Water;
To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning

Offenses against the Law of Nations;
To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and

To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court;

and Discoveries;
Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings
To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited

To establish Post Offices and Post Roads;

of the United States;
To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin

Standard of Weights and Measures;
To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the

of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;
To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject

with the Indian Tribes;
To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and

To borrow money on the credit of the United States;

uniform throughout the United States;
Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be
Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general
The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and
Section 8


to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill.
be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according
shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall
shall be presented to the President of the United States; and before the Same
House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a question of Adjournment)
Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and

prevent its Return, in which Case it shall not be a Law.
in like Manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment
excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the Same shall be a Law,
any Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten Days (Sundays
against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If
determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for and
shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be
shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it
shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by which it
such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it
Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after
Objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the
States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his
shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President of the United
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate,

but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills.
All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives;
Section 7


shall be a Member of either House during his Continuance in Office.
during such time; and no Person holding any Office under the United States,
shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased
be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States which
No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which he was elected,

Place.
any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other
their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the same; and for
Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of
States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the
Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United
The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their
Section 6

in which the two Houses shall be sitting.
the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that
Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of

shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal.
Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question
publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require
Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time

disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member.
Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for

under such Penalties as each House may provide.
authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and
Business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be
its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do
Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of
Section 5

different Day.
be on the first Monday in December, unless they shall by Law appoint a
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such Meeting shall

as to the Place of Choosing Senators.
but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except
Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and
Section 4

Law.
liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to
Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be
Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or
Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from

convicted without the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members present.
United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be
that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the
The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for

President of the United States.
in the absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the Office of
The Senate shall choose their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore,

shall have no Vote, unless they be equally divided.
The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate, but

when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen.
Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not,
No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty

shall then fill such Vacancies.
make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which
during the Recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may
chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise,
third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third may be
Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the
Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second
they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the
Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first Election,

have one Vote.
State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each
Section 3

shall have the sole Power of Impeachment.
The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and other Officers; and

Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies.
When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State, the Executive

six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five and Georgia three.
five, New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland
Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut
made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to choose three,
shall have at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be
Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State
Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of
of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten
The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting

taxed, three fifths of all other Persons.
including those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not
which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons,
which may be included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers,
Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States

chosen.
shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be
twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who
No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of

the State Legislature.
have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of
Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall
The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second
Section 2

United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.
All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the
Section 1

Article 1.

United States of America.
ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the
defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to
establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common
We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union,

Constitution, visit http://www.usconstitution.net/const.html ]
corrected in this version.  For an uncorrected, annotated version of the
[Note: Repealed text is not noted in this version.  Spelling errors have been

------------------------------
