USConstitution.net by Provided
------------------------------

been have errors Spelling  version. this in noted not is text Repealed [Note:
the of version annotated uncorrected, an For  version. this in corrected
] http://www.usconstitution.net/const.html visit Constitution,

Union, perfect more a form to Order in States, United the of People the We
common the for provide Tranquility, domestic insure Justice, establish
to Liberty of Blessings the secure and Welfare, general the promote defence,
the for Constitution this establish and ordain do Posterity, our and ourselves
America. of States United

1. Article

1 Section
the of Congress a in vested be shall granted herein Powers legislative All
Representatives. of House and Senate a of consist shall which States, United

2 Section
second every chosen Members of composed be shall Representatives of House The
shall State each in Electors the and States, several the of People the by Year
of Branch numerous most the of Electors for requisite Qualifications the have
Legislature. State the

of Age the to attained have not shall who Representative a be shall Person No
who and States, United the of Citizen a Years seven been and Years, five twenty
be shall he which in State that of Inhabitant an be elected, when not, shall
chosen.

States several the among apportioned be shall Taxes direct and Representatives
Numbers, respective their to according Union, this within included be may which
Persons, free of Number whole the to adding by determined be shall which
not Indians excluding and Years, of Term a for Service to bound those including
Persons. other all of fifths three taxed,

Meeting first the after Years three within made be shall Enumeration actual The
ten of Term subsequent every within and States, United the of Congress the of
of Number The direct. Law by shall they as Manner such in Years,
State each but Thousand, thirty every for one exceed not shall Representatives
be shall enumeration such until and Representative; one Least at have shall
three, choose to entitled be shall Hampshire New of State the made,
Connecticut one, Plantations Providence and Island Rhode eight, Massachusetts
Maryland one, Delaware eight, Pennsylvania four, Jersey New six, York New five,
three. Georgia and five Carolina South five, Carolina North ten, Virginia six,

Executive the State, any from Representation the in happen vacancies When
Vacancies. such fill to Election of Writs issue shall thereof Authority

and Officers; other and Speaker their choose shall Representatives of House The
Impeachment. of Power sole the have shall

3 Section
each from Senators two of composed be shall States United the of Senate The
shall Senator each and Years; six for thereof, Legislature the by chosen State,
Vote. one have

Election, first the of Consequence in assembled be shall they after Immediately
the of Seats The Classes. three into be may as equally as divided be shall they
second the of Expiration the at vacated be shall Class first the of Senators
the of and Year, fourth the of Expiration the at Class second the of Year,
be may third one that so Year, sixth the of Expiration the at Class third
otherwise, or Resignation, by happen Vacancies if and Year; second every chosen
may thereof Executive the State, any of Legislature the of Recess the during
which Legislature, the of Meeting next the until Appointments temporary make
Vacancies. such fill then shall

thirty of Age the to attained have not shall who Senator a be shall person No
not, shall who and States, United the of Citizen a Years nine been and Years,
chosen. be shall he which for State that of Inhabitant an be elected, when

but Senate, the of President be shall States United the of President Vice The
divided. equally be they unless Vote, no have shall

tempore, pro President a also and Officers, other their choose shall Senate The
of Office the exercise shall he when or President, Vice the of absence the in
States. United the of President

for sitting When Impeachments. all try to Power sole the have shall Senate The
the of President the When Affirmation. or Oath on be shall they Purpose, that
be shall Person no And preside: shall Justice Chief the tried, is States United
present. Members the of thirds two of Concurrence the without convicted

from removal to than further extend not shall Impeachment of Cases in Judgment
or Trust honor, of Office any enjoy and hold to disqualification and Office,
be nevertheless shall convicted Party the but States: United the under Profit
to according Punishment, and Judgment Trial, Indictment, to subject and liable
Law.

4 Section
and Senators for Elections holding of Manner and Places Times, The
thereof; Legislature the by State each in prescribed be shall Representatives,
except Regulations, such alter or make Law by time any at may Congress the but
Senators. Choosing of Place the to as

shall Meeting such and Year, every in once least at assemble shall Congress The
a appoint Law by shall they unless December, in Monday first the on be
Day. different

5 Section
of Qualifications and Returns Elections, the of Judge the be shall House Each
do to Quorum a constitute shall each of Majority a and Members, own its
be may and day, to day from adjourn may number smaller a but Business;
and Manner, such in Members, absent of Attendance the compel to authorized
provide. may House each as Penalties such under

for Members its punish Proceedings, its of Rules the determine may House Each
Member. a expel two-thirds, of Concurrence the with and, Behavior, disorderly

time to time from and Proceedings, its of Journal a keep shall House Each
require Judgment their in may as Parts such excepting same, the publish
question any on House either of Members the of Nays and Yeas the and Secrecy;
Journal. the on entered be Present, those of fifth one of Desire the at shall,

of Consent the without shall, Congress, of Session the during House, Neither
that than Place other any to nor days, three than more for adjourn other, the
sitting. be shall Houses two the which in

6 Section
their for Compensation a receive shall Representatives and Senators The
United the of Treasury the of out paid and Law, by ascertained be to Services,
the of Breach and Felony Treason, except Cases, all in shall They States.
of Session the at Attendance their during Arrest from privileged be Peace,
for and same; the from returning and to going in and Houses, respective their
other any in questioned be not shall they House, either in Debate or Speech any
Place.

elected, was he which for Time the during shall, Representative or Senator No
which States United the of Authority the under Office civil any to appointed be
increased been have shall whereof Emoluments the or created, been have shall
States, United the under Office any holding Person no and time; such during
Office. in Continuance his during House either of Member a be shall


7 Section
Representatives; of House the in originate shall Revenue raising for bills All
Bills. other on as Amendments with concur or propose may Senate the but

Senate, the and Representatives of House the passed have shall which Bill Every
United the of President the to presented be Law, a become it before shall,
his with it, return shall he not if but it, sign shall he approve he If States;
the enter shall who originated, have shall it which in House that to Objections
after If it. reconsider to proceed and Journal, their on large at Objections
it Bill, the pass to agree shall House that of thirds two Reconsideration such
it which by House, other the to Objections, the with together sent, be shall
it House, that of thirds two by approved if and reconsidered, be likewise shall
be shall Houses both of Votes the Cases such all in But Law. a become shall
and for voting Persons the of Names the and Nays, and Yeas by determined
If respectively. House each of Journal the on entered be shall Bill the against
(Sundays Days ten within President the by returned be not shall Bill any
Law, a be shall Same the him, to presented been have shall it after excepted)
Adjournment their by Congress the unless it, signed had he if as Manner like in
Law. a be not shall it Case which in Return, its prevent

and Senate the of Concurrence the which to Vote or Resolution, Order, Every
Adjournment) of question a on (except necessary be may Representatives of House
Same the before and States; United the of President the to presented be shall
shall him, by disapproved being or him, by approved be shall Effect, take shall
according Representatives, of House and Senate the of thirds two by repassed be
Bill. a of Case the in prescribed Limitations and Rules the to


8 Section
and Imposts Duties, Taxes, collect and lay To Power have shall Congress The
general and Defence common the for provide and Debts the pay to Excises,
be shall Excises and Imposts Duties, all but States; United the of Welfare
States; United the throughout uniform

States; United the of credit the on money borrow To

and States, several the among and Nations, foreign with Commerce regulate To
Tribes; Indian the with

subject the on Laws uniform and Naturalization, of Rule uniform an establish To
States; United the throughout Bankruptcies of

the fix and Coin, foreign of and thereof, Value the regulate Money, coin To
Measures; and Weights of Standard

Coin current and Securities the counterfeiting of Punishment the for provide To
States; United the of

Roads; Post and Offices Post establish To

limited for securing by Arts, useful and Science of Progress the promote To
Writings respective their to Right exclusive the Inventors and Authors to Times
Discoveries; and

Court; supreme the to inferior Tribunals constitute To

and Seas, high the on committed Felonies and Piracies punish and define To
Nations; of Law the against Offenses

concerning Rules make and Reprisal, and Marque of Letters grant War, declare To
Water; and Land on Captures

be shall Use that to Money of Appropriation no but Armies, support and raise To
Years; two than Term longer a for

Navy; a maintain and provide To

Forces; naval and land the of Regulation and Government the for Rules make To

Union, the of Laws the execute to Militia the forth calling for provide To
Invasions; repel and Insurrections suppress

for and Militia, the disciplining, and arming, organizing, for provide To
United the of Service the in employed be may as them of Part such governing
Officers, the of Appointment the respectively, States the to reserving States,
discipline the to according Militia the training of Authority the and
Congress; by prescribed

District such over whatsoever, Cases all in Legislation exclusive exercise To
and States, particular of Cession by may, as square) Miles ten exceeding (not
United the of Government the of Seat the become Congress, of acceptance the
Consent the by purchased Places all over Authority like exercise to and States,
of Erection the for be, shall Same the which in State the of Legislature the of
And Buildings; needful other and dock-Yards, Arsenals, Magazines, Forts,

into carrying for proper and necessary be shall which Laws all make To
this by vested Powers other all and Powers, foregoing the Execution
or Department any in or States, United the of Government the in Constitution
thereof. Officer

9 Section
existing now States the of any as Persons such of Importation or Migration The
to prior Congress the by prohibited be not shall admit, to proper think shall
imposed be may duty or tax a but eight, and hundred eight thousand one Year the
Person. each for dollars ten exceeding not Importation, such on

when unless suspended, be not shall Corpus Habeas of Writ the of privilege The
it. require may Safety public the Invasion or Rebellion of Cases in

passed. be shall Law facto post ex or Attainder of Bill No

the to Proportion in unless laid, be shall Tax direct, other or capitation, No
taken. be to directed before herein Enumeration or Census

State. any from exported Articles on laid be shall Duty or Tax No

the to Revenue or Commerce of Regulation any by given be shall Preference No
from, or to, bound Vessels shall nor another: of those over State one of Ports
another. in Duties pay or clear, enter, to obliged be State, one

Appropriations of Consequence in but Treasury, the from drawn be shall Money No
and Receipts the of Account and Statement regular a and Law; by made
time. to time from published be shall Money public all of Expenditures

Person no And States: United the by granted be shall Nobility of Title No
of Consent the without shall, them, under Trust or Profit of Office any holding
kind any of Title, or Office, Emolument, present, any of accept Congress, the
State. foreign or Prince King, any from whatever,

10 Section
Letters grant Confederation; or Alliance, Treaty, any into enter shall State No
but Thing any make Credit; of Bills emit Money; coin Reprisal; and Marque of
Attainder, of Bill any pass Debts; of Payment in Tender a Coin silver and gold
any grant or Contracts, of Obligation the impairing Law or Law, facto post ex
Nobility. of Title

Duties or Imposts any lay Congress, the of Consent the without shall, State No
executing for necessary absolutely be may what except Exports, or Imports on
by laid Imposts, and Duties all of Produce net the and Laws: inspection its
the of Treasury the of Use the for be shall Exports, or Imports on State any
Control and Revision the to subject be shall Laws such all and States; United
Congress. the of

keep Tonnage, of duty any lay Congress, of Consent the without shall, State No
Compact or Agreement any into enter Peace, of time in War of Ships or Troops,
actually unless War, in engage or Power, foreign a with or State, another with
delay. of admit not will as Danger imminent such in or invaded,

2. Article

1 Section
of States United the of President a in vested be shall Power executive The
together and, Years, four of Term the during Office his hold shall He America.
follows: as elected, be Term, same the for chosen Vice-President the with

direct, may thereof Legislature the as Manner such in appoint, shall State Each
Representatives and Senators of Number whole the to equal Electors, of Number a
or Senator no but Congress: the in entitled be may State the which to
United the under Profit or Trust of Office an holding Person or Representative,
Elector. an appointed be shall States,

two for Ballot by vote and States, respective their in meet shall Electors The
State same the of Inhabitant an lie not shall least at one whom of persons,
and for, voted Persons the all of List a make shall they And themselves. with
and certify, and sign shall they List which each; for Votes of Number the of
to directed States, United the of Government the of Seat the to sealed transmit
Presence the in shall, Senate the of President The Senate. the of President the
the and Certificates, the all open Representatives, of House and Senate the of
Votes of Number greatest the having Person The counted. be then shall Votes
of Number whole the of Majority a be Number such if President, the be shall
and Majority, such have who one than more be there if and appointed; Electors
shall Representatives of House the then Votes, of Number equal an have
a have Person no if and President; for them of one Ballot by choose immediately
like in shall House said the List the on highest five the from then Majority,
be shall Votes the President, the choosing in But President. the choose Manner
quorum a Vote; one having State each from Representation the States, by taken
the of two-thirds from Members or Member a of consist shall Purpose this for
In Choice. a to necessary be shall States the all of Majority a and States,
greatest the having Person the President, the of Choice the after Case, every
there if But President. Vice the be shall Electors the of Votes of Number
from choose shall Senate the Votes, equal have who more or two remain should
Vice-President. the Ballot by them

on Day the and Electors, the choosing of Time the determine may Congress The
the throughout same the be shall Day which Votes; their give shall they which
States. United

at States, United the of Citizen a or Citizen, born natural a except person No
Office the to eligible be shall Constitution, this of Adoption the of time the
not shall who Office that to eligible be Person any shall neither President; of
a Years fourteen been and Years, thirty-five of Age the to attained have
States. United the within Resident

Death, his of or Office, from President the of Removal the of Case In
said the of Duties and Powers the discharge to Inability or Resignation,
by may Congress the and President, Vice the on devolve shall same the Office,
of both Inability, or Resignation Death, Removal, of Case the for provide Law
as act then shall Officer what declaring President, Vice and President the
be Disability the until accordingly, act shall Officer such and President,
elected. be shall President a or removed,

Compensation, a Services, his for receive Times, stated at shall, President The
he which for Period the during diminished nor increased be neither shall which
other any Period that within receive not shall he and elected, been have shall
them. of any or States, United the from Emolument

following the take shall he Office, his of Execution the on enter he Before
Affirmation: or Oath

of Office the execute faithfully will I that affirm) (or swear solemnly do "I
preserve, Ability, my of best the to will and States, United the of President
States." United the of Constitution the defend and protect

2 Section
United the of Navy and Army the of Chief in Commander be shall President The
actual the into called when States, several the of Militia the of and States,
the of writing, in Opinion, the require may he States; United the of Service
subject any upon Departments, executive the of each in Officer principal
to Power have shall he and Offices, respective their of Duties the to relating
in except States, United the against Offenses for Pardons and Reprieves Grant
Impeachment. of Cases

make to Senate, the of Consent and Advice the with and by Power, have shall He
shall he and concur; present Senators the of thirds two provided Treaties,
appoint shall Senate, the of Consent and Advice the with and by and nominate,
Court, supreme the of Judges Consuls, and Ministers public other Ambassadors,
herein not are Appointments whose States, United the of Officers other all and
Congress the but Law: by established be shall which and for, provided otherwise
think they as Officers, inferior such of Appointment the vest Law by may
of Heads the in or Law, of Courts the in alone, President the in proper,
Departments.

during happen may that Vacancies all up fill to Power have shall President The
End the at expire shall which Commissions granting by Senate, the of Recess the
Session. next their of

3 Section
the of State the of Information Congress the to give time to time from shall He
judge shall he as Measures such Consideration their to recommend and Union,
both convene Occasions, extraordinary on may, he expedient; and necessary
with them, between Disagreement of Case in and them, of either or Houses,
he as Time such to them adjourn may he Adjournment, of Time the to Respect
he Ministers; public other and Ambassadors receive shall he proper; think shall
all Commission shall and executed, faithfully be Laws the that Care take shall
States. United the of Officers the

4 Section
States, United the of Officers civil all and President Vice President, The
Treason, of, Conviction and for, Impeachment on Office from removed be shall
Misdemeanors. and Crimes high other or Bribery,

3. Article

1 Section
Court, supreme one in vested be shall States, United the of Power judicial The
and ordain time to time from may Congress the as Courts inferior such in and
hold shall Courts, inferior and supreme the of both Judges, The establish.
for receive Times, stated at shall, and Behavior, good during Offices their
their during diminished be not shall which Compensation a Services their
Office. in Continuance

2 Section
under arising Equity, and Law in Cases, all to extend shall Power judicial The
which or made, Treaties and States, United the of Laws the Constitution, this
other Ambassadors, affecting Cases all to Authority; their under made, be shall
maritime and admiralty of Cases all to Consuls; and Ministers public
to Party; a be shall States United the which to Controversies to Jurisdiction;
of Citizens and State a between States; more or two between Controversies
the of Citizens between States; different of Citizens between State; another
a between and States, different of Grants under Lands claiming State same
Subjects. or Citizens States, foreign and thereof, Citizens the or State,

and Consuls, and Ministers public other Ambassadors, affecting Cases all In
original have shall Court supreme the Party, be shall State a which in those
shall Court supreme the mentioned, before Cases other the all In Jurisdiction.
and Exceptions, such with Fact, and Law to as both Jurisdiction, appellate have
make. shall Congress the as Regulations such under

and Jury; by be shall Impeachment, of Cases in except Crimes, all of Trial The
been have shall Crimes said the where State the in held be shall Trial such
such at be shall Trial the State, any within committed not when but committed;
directed. have Law by may Congress the as Places or Place

3 Section
against War levying in only consist shall States, United the against Treason
Person No Comfort. and Aid them giving Enemies, their to adhering in or them,
the to Witnesses two of Testimony the on unless Treason of convicted be shall
Court. open in Confession on or Act, overt same

no but Treason, of Punishment the declare to power have shall Congress The
except Forfeiture or Blood, of Corruption work shall Treason of Attainder
attainted. Person the of Life the during

4. Article

1 Section
Records, Acts, public the to State each in given be shall Credit and Faith Full
general by may Congress the And State. other every of Proceedings judicial and
be shall Proceedings and Records Acts, such which in Manner the prescribe Laws
thereof. Effect the and proved,

2 Section
Immunities and Privileges all to entitled be shall State each of Citizens The
States. several the in Citizens of

shall who Crime, other or Felony, Treason, with State any in charged Person A
the of demand on shall State, another in found be and Justice, from flee
be to up, delivered be fled, he which from State the of Authority executive
Crime. the of Jurisdiction having State the to removed

thereof, Laws the under State, one in Labour or Service to held Person No
therein, Regulation or Law any of Consequence in shall, another, into escaping
Claim on up delivered be shall But Labour, or Service such from discharged be
due. be may Labour or Service such whom to Party the of

3 Section
States new no but Union; this into Congress the by admitted be may States New
any nor State; other any of Jurisdiction the within erected or formed be shall
States, of parts or States, more or two of Junction the by formed be State
of as well as concerned States the of Legislatures the of Consent the without
Congress. the

and Rules needful all make and of dispose to Power have shall Congress The
United the to belonging Property other or Territory the respecting Regulations
Prejudice to as construed so be shall Constitution this in nothing and States;
State. particular any of or States, United the of Claims any

4 Section
Republican a Union this in State every to guarantee shall States United The
on and Invasion; against them of each protect shall and Government, of Form
Legislature the (when Executive the of or Legislature, the of Application
Violence. domestic against convened) be cannot

5. Article

shall necessary, it deem shall Houses both of thirds two whenever Congress, The
the of Application the on or, Constitution, this to Amendments propose
for Convention a call shall States, several the of thirds two of Legislatures
and Intents all to valid be shall Case, either in which, Amendments, proposing
of Legislatures the by ratified when Constitution, this of part as Purposes,
fourths three in Conventions by or States, several the of fourths three
the by proposed be may Ratification of Mode other the or one the as thereof,
One Year the to prior made be may which Amendment no that Provided Congress;
and first the affect Manner any in shall eight and hundred eight thousand
State, no that and Article; first the of Section Ninth the in Clauses fourth
Senate. the in Suffrage equal its of deprived be shall Consent, its without

6. Article

this of Adoption the before into, entered Engagements and contracted Debts All
this under States United the against valid as be shall Constitution,
Confederation. the under as Constitution,

in made be shall which States United the of Laws the and Constitution, This
the under made, be shall which or made, Treaties all and thereof; Pursuance
the and Land; the of Law supreme the be shall States, United the of Authority
or Constitution the in Thing any thereby, bound be shall State every in Judges
notwithstanding. Contrary the to State any of Laws

the of Members the and mentioned, before Representatives and Senators The
of both Officers, judicial and executive all and Legislatures, State several
or Oath by bound be shall States, several the of and States United the
be ever shall Test religious no but Constitution; this support to Affirmation,
United the under Trust public or Office any to Qualification a as required
States.

7. Article

the for sufficient be shall States, nine of Conventions the of Ratification The
Same. the ratifying so States the between Constitution this of Establishment

the present States the of Consent Unanimous the by Convention in Done
hundred seven thousand one Lord our of Year the in September of Day Seventeenth
the America of States United the of Independence the of and seven Eighty and
Names. our subscribed hereunto have We whereof Witness In Twelfth.

Virginia from deputy and President - Washington George

Gilman Nicholas Langdon, John - Hampshire New

King Rufus Gorham, Nathaniel - Massachusetts

Sherman Roger Johnson, Samuel William - Connecticut

Hamilton Alexander - York New

Jonathan Paterson, William Brearley, David Livingston, William - Jersey New
Dayton

Clymer, George Morris, Robert Mifflin, Thomas Franklin, Benjamin - Pennsylvania
Morris Gouvernour Wilson, James Ingersoll, Jared Fitzsimons, Thomas

Bassett, Richard Dickinson, John Jr., Bedford Gunning Read, George - Delaware
Broom Jacob

Carroll Daniel Jenifer, Thomas St of Daniel McHenry, James - Maryland

Jr. Madison James Blair, John - Virginia

Williamson Hugh Spaight, Dobbs Richard Blount, William - Carolina North

Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, Cotesworth Charles Rutledge, John - Carolina South
Butler Pierce

Baldwin Abraham Few, William - Georgia

Secretary Jackson, William Attest:


1 Amendment
or religion, of establishment an respecting law no make shall Congress
or speech, of freedom the abridging or thereof; exercise free the prohibiting
petition to and assemble, to peaceably people the of right the or press; the of
grievances. of redress a for Government the

2 Amendment
the State, free a of security the to necessary being Militia, regulated well A
infringed. be not shall Arms, bear and keep to people the of right

3 Amendment
the without house, any in quartered be peace of time in shall, Soldier No
by prescribed be to manner a in but war, of time in nor Owner, the of consent
law.

4 Amendment
and papers, houses, persons, their in secure be to people the of right The
and violated, be not shall seizures, and searches unreasonable against effects,
or Oath by supported cause, probable upon but issue, shall Warrants no
the and searched, be to place the describing particularly and affirmation,
seized. be to things or persons

5 Amendment
crime, infamous otherwise or capital, a for answer to held be shall person No
arising cases in except Jury, Grand a of indictment or presentment a on unless
time in service actual in when Militia, the in or forces, naval or land the in
offense same the for subject be person any shall nor danger; public or War of
any in compelled be shall nor limb; or life of jeopardy in put twice be to
life, of deprived be nor himself, against witness a be to case criminal
be property private shall nor law; of process due without property, or liberty,
compensation. just without use, public for taken

6 Amendment
and speedy a to right the enjoy shall accused the prosecutions, criminal all In
crime the wherein district and State the of jury impartial an by trial, public
previously been have shall district which committed, been have shall
the of cause and nature the of informed be to and law, by ascertained
compulsory have to him; against witnesses the with confronted be to accusation;
of Assistance the have to and favor, his in witnesses obtaining for process
defence. his for Counsel

7 Amendment
twenty exceed shall controversy in value the where law, common at Suits In
a by tried fact no and preserved, be shall jury by trial of right the dollars,
than States, United the of Court any in re-examined otherwise be shall jury,
law. common the of rules the to according

8 Amendment
cruel nor imposed, fines excessive nor required, be not shall bail Excessive
inflicted. punishments unusual and

9 Amendment
construed be not shall rights, certain of Constitution, the in enumeration The
people. the by retained others disparage or deny to

10 Amendment
nor Constitution, the by States United the to delegated not powers The
to or respectively, States the to reserved are States, the to it by prohibited
people. the

11 Amendment
any to extend to construed be not shall States United the of power Judicial The
States United the of one against prosecuted or commenced equity, or law in suit
State. Foreign any of Subjects or Citizens by or State, another of Citizens by

12 Amendment
for ballot by vote and states, respective their in meet shall Electors The
inhabitant an be not shall least, at whom, of one Vice-President, and President
person the ballots their in name shall they themselves; with state same the of
as for voted person the ballots distinct in and President, as for voted
as for voted persons all of lists distinct make shall they and Vice-President,
of number the of and Vice-President as for voted persons all of and President,
to sealed transmit and certify, and sign shall they lists which each, for votes
of President the to directed States, United the of government the of seat the
Senate; the

of House and Senate the of presence the in shall, Senate the of President The
counted; be then shall votes the and certificates the all open Representatives,

the be shall President, for votes of Number greatest the having person The
Electors of number whole the of majority a be number such if President,
having persons the from then majority, such have person no if and appointed;
as for voted those of list the on three exceeding not numbers highest the
ballot, by immediately, choose shall Representatives of House the President,
by taken be shall votes the President, the choosing in But President. the
this for quorum a vote; one having state each from representation the states,
and states, the of two-thirds from members or member a of consist shall purpose
House the if And choice. a to necessary be shall states the all of majority a
choice of right the whenever President a choose not shall Representatives of
then following, next March of day fourth the before them, upon devolve shall
other or death the of case the in as President, as act shall Vice-President the
President. the of disability constitutional

the be shall Vice-President, as votes of number greatest the having person The
Electors of number whole the of majority a be number such if Vice-President,
numbers highest two the from then majority, a have person no if and appointed,
the for quorum a Vice-President; the choose shall Senate the list, the on
a and Senators, of number whole the of two-thirds of consist shall purpose
person no But choice. a to necessary be shall number whole the of majority
to eligible be shall President of office the to ineligible constitutionally
States. United the of Vice-President of that

13 Amendment
crime for punishment a as except servitude, involuntary nor slavery Neither 1.
United the within exist shall convicted, duly been have shall party the whereof
jurisdiction. their to subject place any or States,

appropriate by article this enforce to power have shall Congress 2.
legislation.

14 Amendment
the to subject and States, United the in naturalized or born persons All 1.
State the of and States United the of citizens are thereof, jurisdiction
abridge shall which law any enforce or make shall State No reside. they wherein
any shall nor States; United the of citizens of immunities or privileges the
of process due without property, or liberty, life, of person any deprive State
the of protection equal the jurisdiction its within person any to deny nor law;
laws.

to according States several the among apportioned be shall Representatives 2.
State, each in persons of number whole the counting numbers, respective their
the for election any at vote to right the when But taxed. not Indians excluding
States, United the of Vice-President and President for electors of choice
or State, a of officers Judicial and Executive the Congress, in Representatives
male the of any to denied is thereof, Legislature the of members the
the of citizens and age, of years twenty-one being State, such of inhabitants
rebellion, in participation for except abridged, way any in or States, United
the in reduced be shall therein representation of basis the crime, other or
whole the to bear shall citizens male such of number the which proportion
State. such in age of years twenty-one citizens male of number

of elector or Congress, in Representative or Senator a be shall person No 3.
the under military, or civil office, any hold or Vice-President, and President
a as oath, an taken previously having who, State, any under or States, United
of member a as or States, United the of officer an as or Congress, of member
to State, any of officer judicial or executive an as or legislature, State any
in engaged have shall States, United the of Constitution the support
the to comfort or aid given or same, the against rebellion or insurrection
remove House, each of two-thirds of vote a by may Congress But thereof. enemies
disability. such

law, by authorized States, United the of debt public the of validity The 4.
in services for bounties and pensions of payment for incurred debts including
the neither But questioned. be not shall rebellion, or insurrection suppressing
incurred obligation or debt any pay or assume shall State any nor States United
for claim any or States, United the against rebellion or insurrection of aid in
and obligations debts, such all but slave; any of emancipation or loss the
void. and illegal held be shall claims

the legislation, appropriate by enforce, to power have shall Congress The 5.
article. this of provisions

15 Amendment
or denied be not shall vote to States United the of citizens of right The 1.
or color, race, of account on State any by or States United the by abridged
servitude. of condition previous

appropriate by article this enforce to power have shall Congress The 2.
legislation.

16 Amendment
from incomes, on taxes collect and lay to power have shall Congress The
and States, several the among apportionment without derived, source whatever
enumeration. or census any to regard without

17 Amendment
each from Senators two of composed be shall States United the of Senate The
shall Senator each and years; six for thereof, people the by elected State,
qualifications the have shall State each in electors The vote. one have
legislatures. State the of branch numerous most the of electors for requisite

the Senate, the in State any of representation the in happen vacancies When
such fill to election of writs issue shall State such of authority executive
the empower may State any of legislature the That Provided, vacancies:
the fill people the until appointments temporary make to thereof executive
direct. may legislature the as election by vacancies

of term or election the affect to as construed so be not shall amendment This
Constitution. the of part as valid becomes it before chosen Senator any

18 Amendment
sale, manufacture, the article this of ratification the from year one After 1.
into, thereof importation the within, liquors intoxicating of transportation or
to subject territory all and States United the from thereof exportation the or
prohibited. hereby is purposes beverage for thereof jurisdiction the

enforce to power concurrent have shall States several the and Congress The 2.
legislation. appropriate by article this

an as ratified been have shall it unless inoperative be shall article This 3.
as States, several the of legislatures the by Constitution the to amendment
the of date the from years seven within Constitution, the in provided
Congress. the by States the to hereof submission

19 Amendment
or denied be not shall vote to States United the of citizens of right The
sex. of account on State any by or States United the by abridged

legislation. appropriate by article this enforce to power have shall Congress

20 Amendment
20th the on noon at end shall President Vice and President the of terms The 1.
3d the on noon at Representatives and Senators of terms the and January, of day
this if ended have would terms such which in years the of January, of day
then shall successors their of terms the and ratified; been not had article
begin.

meeting such and year, every in once least at assemble shall Congress The 2.
appoint law by shall they unless January, of day 3d the on noon at begin shall
day. different a

the President, the of term the of beginning the for fixed time the at If, 3.
become shall elect President Vice the died, have shall elect President
for fixed time the before chosen been have not shall President a If President.
to failed have shall elect President the if or term, his of beginning the
President a until President as act shall elect President Vice the then qualify,
wherein case the for provide law by may Congress the and qualified; have shall
qualified, have shall elect President Vice a nor elect President a neither
to is who one which in manner the or President, as act then shall who declaring
President a until accordingly act shall person such and selected, be shall act
qualified. have shall President Vice or

the of any of death the of case the for provide law by may Congress The 4.
whenever President a choose may Representatives of House the whom from persons
the of case the for and them, upon devolved have shall choice of right the
President Vice a choose may Senate the whom from persons the of any of death
them. upon devolved have shall choice of right the whenever

the following October of day 15th the on effect take shall 2 and 1 Sections 5.
article. this of ratification

an as ratified been have shall it unless inoperative be shall article This 6.
the of three-fourths of legislatures the by Constitution the to amendment
submission. its of date the from years seven within States several

21 Amendment
States United the of Constitution the to amendment of article eighteenth The 1.
repealed. hereby is

possession or Territory, State, any into importation or transportation The 2.
in liquors, intoxicating of therein use or delivery for States United the of
prohibited. hereby is thereof, laws the of violation

an as ratified been have shall it unless inoperative be shall article The 3.
provided as States, several the in conventions by Constitution the to amendment
hereof submission the of date the from years seven within Constitution, the in
Congress. the by States the to

22 Amendment
twice, than more President the of office the to elected be shall person No 1.
for President, as acted or President, of office the held has who person no and
President elected was person other some which to term a of years two than more
this But once. than more President the of office the to elected be shall
this when President, of office the holding person any to apply not shall Article
may who person any prevent not shall and Congress, the by proposed was Article
term the during President, as acting or President, of office the holding be
of office the holding from operative becomes Article this which within
term. such of remainder the during President as acting or President

an as ratified been have shall it unless inoperative be shall article This 2.
the of three-fourths of legislatures the by Constitution the to amendment
States the to submission its of date the from years seven within States several
Congress. the by

23 Amendment
shall States United the of Government of seat the constituting District The 1.
of electors of number A direct: may Congress the as manner such in appoint
and Senators of number whole the to equal President Vice and President
were it if entitled be would District the which to Congress in Representatives
in be shall they State; populous least the than more event no in but State, a
for considered, be shall they but States, the by appointed those to addition
electors be to President, Vice and President of election the of purposes the
such perform and District the in meet shall they and State; a by appointed
amendment. of article twelfth the by provided as duties

appropriate by article this enforce to power have shall Congress The 2.
legislation.

24 Amendment
other or primary any in vote to States United the of citizens of right The 1.
or President for electors for President, Vice or President for election
be not shall Congress, in Representative or Senator for or President, Vice
to failure of reason by State any or States United the by abridged or denied
tax. other or tax poll any pay

appropriate by article this enforce to power have shall Congress The 2.
legislation.

25 Amendment
or death his of or office from President the of removal the of case In 1.
President. become shall President Vice the resignation,

the President, Vice the of office the in vacancy a is there Whenever 2.
upon office take shall who President Vice a nominate shall President
Congress. of Houses both of vote majority a by confirmation

Senate the of tempore pro President the to transmits President the Whenever 3.
he that declaration written his Representatives of House the of Speaker the and
he until and office, his of duties and powers the discharge to unable is
duties and powers such contrary, the to declaration written a them to transmits
President. Acting as President Vice the by discharged be shall

officers principal the either of majority a and President Vice the Whenever 4.
law by may Congress as body other such of or departments executive the of
of Speaker the and Senate the of tempore pro President the to transmit provide,
is President the that declaration written their Representatives of House the
President Vice the office, his of duties and powers the discharge to unable
Acting as office the of duties and powers the assume immediately shall
President.

the of tempore pro President the to transmits President the when Thereafter,
declaration written his Representatives of House the of Speaker the and Senate
office his of duties and powers the resume shall he exists, inability no that
of officers principal the either of majority a and President Vice the unless
provide, law by may Congress as body other such of or department executive the
the and Senate the of tempore pro President the to days four within transmit
the that declaration written their Representatives of House the of Speaker
Thereupon office. his of duties and powers the discharge to unable is President
that for hours eight forty within assembling issue, the decide shall Congress
after days one twenty within Congress, the If session. in not if purpose
session, in not is Congress if or, declaration, written latter the of receipt
by determines assemble, to required is Congress after days one twenty within
the discharge to unable is President the that Houses both of vote thirds two
discharge to continue shall President Vice the office, his of duties and powers
powers the resume shall President the otherwise, President; Acting as same the
office. his of duties and

26 Amendment
or age of years eighteen are who States, United the of citizens of right The 1.
any by or States United the by abridged or denied be not shall vote to older,
age. of account on State

appropriate by article this enforce to power have shall Congress The 2.
legislation.

27 Amendment
and Senators the of services the for compensation the varying law, No
shall Representatives of election an until effect, take shall Representatives,
intervened. have

